GRAMMATECH CODESONAR® SOFTWARE LICENSE

Version 2016.1.0

UNLESS YOU HAVE ENTERED INTO A SEPARATE, DULY SIGNED LICENSE AGREEMENT
WITH GRAMMATECH OR AN AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY
THE TERMS OF THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE, WITHOUT EXCEPTION, BY INSTALLING,
COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE.  IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF
THE TERMS OF THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO POSSESS,
INSTALL, OR USE THE SOFTWARE IN ANY MANNER.

This Software License is between you, the end-user ("You") and
GrammaTech, Inc. ("GrammaTech").  "You" means the person or legal
entity that has accepted this Software License.  Together with the
Quotation and/or Invoice document You have received from GrammaTech or
from an authorized GrammaTech distributor, it forms a legal contract
between You and GrammaTech.  It limits what You may do with the
GrammaTech software known as CodeSonar® and its documentation, printed
or electronic (collectively the "Software").

It does not extend to or include any parent, subsidiary or affiliated
organization or entity.  If you are using the Software as an employee,
your employer is the licensee and may have already accepted a version
of this Software License.  In all other circumstances, you are binding
your employer to this Software License.  If in such a case, you are
not authorized to bind your employer, you are not permitted to install
and/or use the Software.

What You may do with the Software under this Software License, and the
applicability of certain terms thereof, depends on whether you have
paid for a Commercial License or are merely evaluating the Software.
If You have paid GrammaTech for software maintenance services, Part II
(Software Maintenance Services) also applies to You.

PART I.  License

1 License Granted.  GrammaTech grants to You a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use, in the form as
delivered only, the Software, including a right to make a reasonable
number of copies of the Software only for backup and recovery
purposes, for the term, as set forth herein, or until terminated:

1.1 to analyze Your source code for the purpose of assessing,
correcting, or improving Your code (Commercial License only); or

1.2 to assess the feasibility and utility of applying the Software to
Your source code for a potential purchase of the Software.  Any output
produced during such evaluation shall not be used in connection with
development of any software, nor retained after the evaluation
(Evaluation License only).

2 Limitations on Software Use.  You may not:

2.1 rent, lease, sell, lend, license, transfer, or otherwise permit
any person or entity other than You to use the Software in any manner;

2.2 disclose Software output, including, but not limited to, the
results of any benchmark test of the Software, or Software
documentation to any third party without GrammaTech's prior written
approval;

2.3 use the Software as part of a service business in which You review
code of third parties;

2.4 make any copy of the Software or Software output without including
the copyright notices and any other restrictive legends contained in
the Software as it was furnished to You by GrammaTech.

2.5 reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, decipher, modify, create
derivative works from the Software, or attempt to do any of the
following:

2.5.1 retarget the Software for other source languages or instruction
set architecture; or

2.5.2 use the Software to implement a compiler (direct translation to
machine code).

3 Use of Confidential Information.

3.1 During the term of this Software License, You may disclose
Confidential Information to GrammaTech and GrammaTech may disclose
Confidential Information to You.

3.2 "Confidential Information" means any and all technical and
non-technical information or know-how of a proprietary, confidential,
or trade secret nature owned by a disclosing party, in whatever form,
including but not limited to, techniques, sketches, drawings, models,
inventions, processes, apparatus, equipment, algorithms, software
programs, software source documents, manuals and documentation related
to the software programs, methods and concepts embodied in such
software, and formulae related to current and future proposed products
and services of each of the parties, including, without limitation,
information concerning research, experimental work, development,
design details and specifications, engineering, pricing, including
that contained in any quotation or invoice, financial information,
procurement requirements, purchasing, manufacturing, customer lists,
business forecasts, sales and merchandising, marketing plans,
regardless of whether it has been marked or designated as confidential
and, in addition, any other information not covered by one of the
aforementioned categories that is designated as proprietary,
confidential, or trade secret, that is disclosed to the receiving
party in any form, including, but not limited to in writing,
electronically, visually, or orally.  Software and Software output are
included in the definition of Confidential Information.

3.3 Confidential Information does not include that: (i) which is, at
the time of disclosure, available to the public, or subsequently
becomes available to the general public without restriction by the
disclosing party; (ii) which the recipient can demonstrate was known
to the recipient at the time of disclosure without restrictions on its
use; (iii) which is independently developed by the recipient without
reference to or use of the Confidential Information; (iv) which is
disclosed without restriction to the recipient from a source other
than the disclosing party who is not under any obligation of
confidentiality with respect to such information; or (v) which
disclosing party notifies recipient in writing that it may disclose.

3.4 Neither You nor GrammaTech will disclose Confidential Information
of the other to any third party.  The recipient of Confidential
Information shall not use Confidential Information except as necessary
to exercise the rights granted herein or to evaluate opportunities to
license additional Software.  The receiving party agrees not to
disclose the Confidential Information of the disclosing party to any
person or entity, except to the receiving party's employees who have
signed a confidentiality agreement obligating such employee, to
maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information in a
manner at least as restrictive as the terms in this Software License.
The receiving party agrees that it shall treat the Confidential
Information of the disclosing party with the same degree of care as it
accords to its own Confidential Information, but no less than
reasonable care.

3.5 You shall not use or disclose GrammaTech's Confidential
Information and/or the Software, in whole or in part, to produce or
have produced for You products similar to, derived from, or a
replacement for the Software.

3.6 However, the recipient of Confidential Information is permitted to
disclose such Confidential Information under any governmental or
judicial order, provided that the party so ordered shall and has
promptly notified the disclosing party sufficiently in advance of the
disclosure so that the disclosing party has the opportunity to protect
the Confidential Information with a confidentiality order or other
treatment prior to the disclosure. Notwithstanding disclosure as
permitted in this subsection, the disclosing party's Confidential
Information shall remain Confidential Information to the extent not
entered into the public record.

3.7 You agree that GrammaTech and its affiliates may collect and use
technical information gathered as part of the product support services
provided to You, if any, related to the Software.  GrammaTech may use
this information, including, but not limited to, suggested
functionality or features, to improve its products and/or to provide
customized services or technologies to You and will not disclose this
information in a form that identifies You or any of Your Confidential
Information.

4 Term and Termination.

4.1 Unless otherwise specified, the term of this Software License
begins when you have downloaded the Software and accepted the terms
hereof.

4.2 Unless otherwise specified, this Software License shall
automatically terminate: (i) if GrammaTech has not received full
payment for the license within the agreed-upon credit period (if no
period is specified such period shall be thirty (30) days); (ii) upon
the expiration of the Software license key provided to You by
GrammaTech; or (iii) You become insolvent or make an assignment for
the benefit of creditors, or a trustee or receiver is appointed for
You or for a substantial part of Your assets, or bankruptcy,
reorganization or insolvency proceedings shall be instituted by or
against You.  This Software License is not assignable or assumable.
If no Software license key has been provided, You are not permitted to
use the Software in any manner.

4.3 Without prejudice to any other rights, GrammaTech reserves the
right to terminate an Evaluation License at any time and may terminate
a Commercial License at any time if You fail to comply with any
provision of the Software License.

4.4 Upon termination of this Software License, for any reason, (i) You
are no longer authorized to use the Software, or any derivative of the
Software, in any manner whatsoever, and (ii) You agree to cease using
the Software and to destroy or erase all copies, portions, extracts,
or modifications of the Software, including Software documentation, in
Your possession, custody, or control.

4.5 Upon termination of Your license, for any reason other than the
expiration of a Commercial License time-limited Term (e.g., one year),
(i) You are no longer authorized to use the Software output in any
manner whatsoever, and (ii) You agree to cease using the Software
output and to destroy or erase all copies, extracts and modifications
of it in Your possession.  Upon the termination of Your Commercial
License by expiration of a time-limited Term, You may retain and use
the Software output.

4.6 If the terms of any invoice or other document provided by You to
GrammaTech in connection with Your license of the Software includes
different or additional terms from this Software License, the
provisions of this Software License shall prevail and such
inconsistent and/or additional terms shall have no effect.

4.7 Notwithstanding the termination of this Software License, sections
2, 3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6, and 5-17 shall survive termination of this
Software License.

5 Ownership/Proprietary Rights.  You acknowledge and agree that:

5.1 GrammaTech and, as applicable, GrammaTech's suppliers or
licensors, reserve all rights in the Software not expressly granted to
You in this Software License.  The Software is licensed, not sold, and
remains the exclusive property of GrammaTech and, as applicable, its
suppliers or licensors who retain the title, copyright, and all other
intellectual property rights in the Software.  This Software License
gives You no rights to the content of the Software;

5.2 The Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual
property laws and treaties, including but not limited to those of the
United States of America.  You will abide by the copyright law and all
other applicable laws of the United States including, but not limited
to, export control laws;

5.3 The Software in source code form remains a confidential trade
secret of GrammaTech and, as applicable, its suppliers and its
licensors and, therefore, You will not modify the Software or attempt
to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software,
except to the extent applicable laws may specifically prohibit such
restriction;

5.4 CodeSonar® is a registered trademark of GrammaTech;

5.5 Unless you have purchased Software Maintenance Services,
GrammaTech has no obligation to maintain the Software, and if it
chooses to maintain the Software it has no obligation to You related
thereto.  Notwithstanding, GrammaTech has no obligation to maintain
versions of the Software that have reached the end of lifecycle, as
determined by GrammaTech; and

5.6 The Software may contain third-party software provided under
separate license terms.  The applicable license terms are identified
in the Software Documentation.  Your use of such third-party software
in conjunction with the Software in a manner consistent with the terms
of this Software License is permitted.  However, you may have broader
rights under the applicable license(s) with respect to the separate
use of such third-party software and nothing in this Software License
is intended to impose further restrictions on your use of such
third-party software as provided for in the separate license.

6 Warranties and Disclaimers.

6.1 GrammaTech makes no representations about the suitability of the
Software or about any content, information, or output made accessible
by the Software, for any purpose.  GrammaTech does not warrant that
operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free, or that
functions contained in the Software shall operate in the combination
that You may select or meet Your requirements.  GrammaTech is not
responsible for problems caused by changes in the operating
characteristics of computer hardware or computer operating systems
that are made after the release of the Software or for problems in the
interaction of the Software with non-GrammaTech software.  This
Software License does not change Your rights, if any, under applicable
mandatory local law.

6.2 Provisions Applicable Only to Commercial Licenses.

6.2.1 If You have paid GrammaTech for a Commercial License, GrammaTech
warrants to You and to You only, that for the first thirty (30) days
following Your downloading of the Software or until the Software is
modified by You, whichever period is shorter, the Software will
perform substantially the functions described in the Software
documentation.  Your sole remedy under the warranty during the thirty
(30) day period is that GrammaTech will undertake to correct within a
reasonable period of time, as determined by GrammaTech, any reported
failure of the Software to perform substantially the functions
described in the documentation ("Software Error") and correct errors
in the documentation ("Documentation Error") (collectively "Errors").
GrammaTech does not warrant that all Software Errors will be
corrected.  If, within the above noted period, GrammaTech is unable to
provide corrected Software or corrected documentation, GrammaTech
will, at its sole and exclusive option, either replace the Software
with a functionally-equivalent program at no charge to You or refund
the license fee paid for the Software.  AS TO ANY ERRORS DISCOVERED
AFTER THE THIRTY (30) DAY PERIOD, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF
ANY KIND.

6.2.2 THE ABOVE WARRANTIES ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER
WARRANTIES.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
GRAMMATECH AND, IF ANY, ITS SUPPLIERS AND/OR LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE RELIABILITY,
AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESULTS, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT,
LACK OF VIRUSES OR OTHER MALWARE, LACK OF NEGLIGENCE, CONDITION OF
TITLE, QUIET TITLE OR POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT.  NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION
GIVEN BY GRAMMATECH'S EMPLOYEES, DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS, OR AGENTS
SHALL INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THE ABOVE WARRANTIES OR CREATE ANY NEW
WARRANTIES.

6.2.3 IN THE EVENT THAT MANDATORY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW PROHIBITS THE
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN
DURATION TO THE LESSER OF THIRTY (30) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF DOWNLOAD
OF THE SOFTWARE OR THE MINIMUM PERIOD OF TIME PERMITTED BY SUCH
APPLICABLE LAW.

6.2.4 REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN FAILS OF ITS
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, IN NO EVENT WILL GRAMMATECH BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR
ANY PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY ALLEGED BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR THE
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR ANY DATA SUPPLIED THEREWITH,
EVEN IF GRAMMATECH OR ANYONE ELSE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH CLAIM OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IN THE EVENT OF
FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, OR STRICT
LIABILITY, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY, INCLUDING
THIRD-PARTIES.  GRAMMATECH'S SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS, IF ANY, DISCLAIM
ALL LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND FOR
ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

6.2.5 IN THE EVENT THAT MANDATORY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW PROHIBITS THE
LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, GRAMMATECH'S, AND ITS
SUPPLIERS' AND/OR LICENSORS', IF ANY, LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES SHALL BE THE LOWER OF ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS
($1,000.00) OR THE MINIMUM PERMITTED BY LAW.

6.2.6 IN NO CASE SHALL GRAMMATECH'S, ITS SUPPLIER'S, AND/OR LICENSOR'S
AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM OR ANY TYPE OF DAMAGES EXCEED THE
LESSER OF THE PRICE ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO GRAMMATECH FOR THE
SOFTWARE LICENSE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM OR TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS
($2,000.00).

6.3 Provisions Applicable Only to Evaluation Licenses.

6.3.1 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' AND 'WITH ALL FAULTS.'
GRAMMATECH, ITS SUPPLIERS, AND LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES,
WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
OR ANY WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY
OR COMPLETENESS OF RESULTS, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, LACK OF VIRUSES OR
OTHER MALWARE, LACK OF NEGLIGENCE, CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET TITLE OR
POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.  NO
ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION GIVEN BY GRAMMATECH'S
EMPLOYEES, DISTRIBUTORS, DEALERS, OR AGENTS SHALL INCREASE THE SCOPE
OF THE ABOVE WARRANTIES OR CREATE ANY NEW WARRANTIES.

6.3.2 IN NO CASE SHALL GRAMMATECH, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ITS LICENSORS BE
LIABILE TO YOU, YOUR EMPLOYER, OR TO ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PUNITIVE, SPECIAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY
ALLEGED BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT AND/OR THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
THE SOFTWARE OR ANY DATA SUPPLIED THEREWITH, EVEN IF GRAMMATECH OR
ANYONE ELSE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH CLAIM OR
DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IN THE EVENT OF FAULT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, OR STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR
ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY, INCLUDING THIRD-PARTIES.

7 United States Government License Rights.  The Software is
"Commercial Computer Software" as defined in DFARS 252.227-7014 and,
pursuant to DFAR 227.7202, licensed to the U.S. Government under terms
customarily provided to the public.  If DFAR is not applicable and to
the extent not inconsistent with the terms of this Software License,
use, disclosure, or duplication is subject to the restrictions
enumerated in FAR 52.227-19(b)(2).  Any use, modification,
reproduction, or disclosure of the Software by the U.S.  Government
shall be solely in accordance with the terms of this Software License.
The manufacturer is GrammaTech, Inc., 531 Esty Street, Ithaca, NY
14850.

8 Export.  You may not download, use, or otherwise export or re-export
the Software or any underlying information or technology except in
full compliance with all United States and other applicable laws and
regulations, including but not limited to those dealing with nuclear,
chemical, or biological weapons proliferation.  These laws include,
among other things, restrictions on import/export destinations,
end-users, and end-use.  In particular, but without limitation, none
of the Software or underlying information or technology may be
downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into Embargoed
Countries/Area Controlled List Countries (ii) to anyone on the US
Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the US
Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders, or (iii) to the People's
Republic of China for a use that is in whole or in part a military use
including the use, development or production of military items, as
prohibited by US Export Administration Regulations section 744.21.  By
downloading or possessing the Software, You are agreeing to the
foregoing and You are representing and warranting that You are not
located in, under control of, or a national or resident of any such
country or on any such list.

9 Rights Reserved by GrammaTech.  Except as otherwise provided herein,
GrammaTech reserves the right to:

9.1 alter the general availability of the Software; and

9.2 alter prices, features, specifications, capabilities, functions,
licensing terms, release dates, or other characteristics of the
Software.

10 Additional Software/Services.  This Software License applies to
updates, supplements, add-on components, Error Corrections, or
upgrades to later versions of the Software that GrammaTech may provide
to You or make available after the date You obtain Your initial copy
of the Software, unless GrammaTech provides other terms along with the
update, supplement, add-on component, Error Corrections, or upgrade,
in which case, the provided Software License terms shall apply.

11 Usage Audit.  You agree to provide GrammaTech with written
certification providing Software usage information as requested by
GrammaTech and confirming that, during the term of the Software
License, the Software is being used in accordance with the terms of
this Agreement. Upon at least thirty (30) days prior written notice,
GrammaTech, at its expense, may audit Your use of the Software to
ensure that You are in compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
Any such audit will be conducted during regular business hours, by
GrammaTech or its appointed representative, at Your facilities.  You
agree to provide the auditor with access to the relevant records,
equipment, and facilities to perform the audit. If an audit reveals
that you have underpaid fees to GrammaTech during the period audited,
exceeded Software usage limitations, and/or otherwise engaged in
conduct resulting in an underpayment, You shall promptly pay
GrammaTech, as invoiced, for such fees based on GrammaTech's price
list in effect at the time the audit is completed.  If the fees
invoiced as a result of the audit exceed five percent (5%) of the
license fees paid by You for the Software, then you will also pay any
and all costs and expenses arising from or relating to the audit,
including reasonable attorneys fees if collection action is
undertaken.

12 Applicable Law/Venue.  The validity, construction, and performance
of this Software License will be governed by the law of the State of
New York, as if this license were executed in, and to be fully
performed within, the State of New York, and without regard to its
principles of conflicts of laws.  The parties expressly agree that the
Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), the United Nations Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (UNCISG), and the
Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) shall not apply.
Any legal action or proceeding arising from and/or related to this
Software License shall be brought exclusively in the federal and/or
state court of New York that is geographically closest to GrammaTech's
Ithaca, NY offices.  You and GrammaTech expressly consent to the
personal jurisdiction and exclusive venue therein.

13 Non-Exclusive Remedy.  Except as set forth herein, the exercise by
either party of any of its remedies will be without prejudice to any
other remedies provided herein or otherwise.  The breach or threatened
breach of this Software License may result in irreparable harm to
GrammaTech and impair its value in such a way that is difficult or
impossible to calculate.  Therefore, You acknowledge and agree that
GrammaTech is entitled to seek, in addition to any other remedy
provided for at law, equitable relief to protect its interests,
without the necessity of posting bond or surety, including, but not
limited to, injunctive relief, as well as money damages.

14 Assignment.  This Software License is personal to You and is not
assignable or transferable by You without the express prior written
consent of GrammaTech, which shall be provided at the sole discretion
of GrammaTech.  GrammaTech may assign this Software License at its
sole discretion.

15 Amendment/Waiver.  This Software License may not be amended or
modified, or any provision of it waived, except by a written
instrument signed by an authorized representative of GrammaTech.

16 Severability.  If any provision of this Software License is held by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the remaining
provisions will remain in full force and effect.  In the event of
invalidity, the parties further agree to substitute for the invalid
provision a valid provision which most closely resembles the intent of
the invalid provision.

17 Entire Agreement.  Except as otherwise provided herein, the
provisions of this Software License constitute the entire agreement
between the parties and supersede all prior agreements, oral or
written, and all other communications relating to the subject matter
hereof.

PART II Software Maintenance Services

If, but only if, You have purchased a license for the Software and
paid GrammaTech for software maintenance services as shown on the
GrammaTech Quotation document or Invoice, the following additional
terms and conditions (collectively referred to as "Maintenance") shall
apply.  GrammaTech shall have no obligation to maintain the Software
unless You have paid for Maintenance as a separate purchase or as may
have otherwise been required by the type of license purchased by You.

18 During the period for which Maintenance has been purchased and paid
for in full:

18.1 GrammaTech will undertake to correct within a reasonable period
of time, as determined by GrammaTech, any reported Software Error(s)
and Documentation Error(s).

18.2 Errors should be reported in writing to GrammaTech.  Such reports
should contain a complete description of all aspects of the
malfunction.  GrammaTech support engineers will evaluate such reports
and, if necessary, will consult with GrammaTech's product specialists
to attempt to identify and resolve the issue.  GrammaTech will respond
with a fix, a work-around, or an estimate of the time necessary to
resolve the reported Error.  GrammaTech shall be obligated to respond
only to reports concerning failure of the Software to perform in
conformance with documented functionality.  GrammaTech shall not be
obligated to respond to reports that, as determined by GrammaTech, are
related to design work or to the implementation of the Software or are
"consulting" in nature.

18.3 GrammaTech shall provide You, as they are made available for
licensing to the public, (a) such software modifications or additions
that, when made or added to the Software, establish material
conformity of the Software to the functional specifications identified
in the Software documentation, and (b) any procedures or routines
that, when observed in the regular operation of the Software,
eliminate the practical adverse effect on You of any such
nonconformity ((a) and (b) are collectively "Error Corrections").

18.4 GrammaTech shall provide to You, as they are made available for
licensing to the public, such minor software modifications or
additions that, when made or added to the Software, will materially
improve its utility, efficiency, functional capability or application,
but which do not constitute a new version of the Software (such minor
modifications collectively referred to herein as "Enhancements").  At
GrammaTech's option, GrammaTech may also include, as Enhancements,
major modifications that are made generally available without charge
to its other customers.

19 GrammaTech's obligation to provide Maintenance is contingent upon
Your proper use of the Software as described in the Software
Documentation.  GrammaTech shall be under no obligation to provide
Maintenance if such service is required, in GrammaTech's opinion, as a
result of (a) Your failure to maintain the Software at GrammaTech's
most recent release level, (b) Your failure to maintain site
conditions within the environmental operating range specified by
GrammaTech, (c) failure of the Software due to improper use, abuse,
accident or neglect, (d) alterations, modifications, or attempts to
repair the Software made without GrammaTech's consent, or (e) causes
external to the Software, including but not limited to, failure or
fluctuations in electrical power, inadequate cooling or natural
disasters.

20 To the extent that GrammaTech may provide You with any Error
Corrections or Enhancements or any other software, including any new
versions of the licensed Software (collectively "Upgrade(s)"), all
such software shall constitute Software as defined by this Software
License and shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions
specified in Part I of this Software License, as well as Part II if
Maintenance has been purchased.  Use of any Upgrade and/or the initial
version of the Software licensed to You is limited to the number of
licensing units; e.g., lines of code, in any combination between the
versions, and remaining time for which You have paid.
